lovato racing has always been a
male-dominated sport but driver Danica
Patrick is definitely giving the guy's a
run for their money last year she made
racing history by becoming the highest
female finisher at the Indy 500 she led
the race for 19 glorious laps making her
the first woman ever to lead the Indy
500 she was Ricky of the year too well
she's going to try to win the coveted
race when she heads back to Indianapolis
later this month and Patrick writes
about her fascinating life in career her
new autobiography Danica crossing the
line good morning danica good morning
and since Renee brought it up let's see
you well let's do the shoes there yeah
shiny they're kind of big but i thought
i'm coming to New York and I need to
impress you also and I vital issues you
didn't need shoes to impress us but as
you see in you but I needed an excuse to
buy shoes and you say wearing a getting
new tires on your car is like wearing a
new pair of shoes yeah and just like
tires you wear them out and then get rid
of them don't play I don't worry about
too quickly you've been coming off such
an incredible year not only a regular
you know historic debut at the Indy 500
you got married you had this incredible
Danica mania now so many fans so much
coming your way is it possible to put
into words how meaningful this last year
has been uh well it's probably not i
probably won't be able to fully
understand what's happened for quite a
while i've been working for for now this
is my 15th season so it sort of seems
like it's taken a while when I think
about every step of the way but in
realistic terms I mean I was an IndyCar
driver by 23 my target date target age
when I was you know 12 was about 20
years old so I didn't miss if I'm much
and that was my dream perfect world so
right when you started racing go-karts
when you were ten and when you were 16 a
lot of girls might be going to the prom
you were over in England yes far away
from home I didn't go to my prom yeah
you're in this very grueling racing
circuit against all of these men helped
pickle were those years for you there
were really lonely it was one of the
biggest things outside of that I got
even more frustrated by the racing
because I did well at times but I didn't
I wasn't able to do all the time I
didn't really have full commitment and
support from from the people and the
teams around me so it made it a little
bit difficult but what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger so I've heard that
Here I am your team is owned by Bobby
Rahal the legendary driver and of course
David Letterman we all know and love
here at CBS and Rio said he thinks the
championship drivers are the ones at the
chip on their shoulder do you feel like
that like as a woman you have something
to prove every time that you race I
think I have something to prove I think
that he has something to prove and she
has something to prove I think that I
think that's the way you have to live
your life and you know that's Bobby's
advice to is that you know drive like
it's your last race drive like you have
something to prove push push push and I
think that's true and I think everybody
should kind of live by back cuz then you
get the most out of yourself and you
can't ever look back and think I wish
I'd have tried a little harder or what
if and the what ifs are I don't like
them well you have such a great message
that goes beyond racing really even
though you brought so many fans old and
young into that sport and a lot of women
into the sport isn't your message more
about what women can do in a
male-dominated world it's uh you know
being a woman describes me but it
doesn't define me completely um i am a
i'm a girl with a story about how you
get to the top and i think that i think
that anybody can and it's a message for
girls and guys but
it's definitely more rare for for women
to do what I've done in racing or or
things like that but I do think that
women are we're coming strong where you
know you're leading the way in many ways
more so than we ever used to and I think
that I'm just I'm just so one of those
girls and I'm just telling my story and
and maintaining your femininity to your
in people' magazine's 100 most beautiful
of your talking about your shoes yeah
and you love to dress up and isn't that
important two to maybe maybe compete
with a man but not not be a man not
necessarily be like a man celebrate be
well you know I did I used to be a
little bit more reserved with my
femininity and I didn't want to be
didn't want to be judged or I didn't
want anyone to think I didn't want
anyone to see the girl first I wanted
them to see a race car driver and then
go all right she's a girl fine all right
so it really took a few photo shoots and
it'd be photo spreads before I said you
know what this is really useful and
people judge me on my driving yes I need
to let that speak for itself and and and
I can't go racing without sponsorship
dollars and if I can generate that and
drive the car there you go girl you got
it going on good luck with everything
you're one of their favorites again for
the Indy 500 so hope you take the
checkers here at down the road take that
checkered flag thanks so much Danica
Patrick and read an excerpt from Danica
crossing the line log onto our website
at cbsnews.com and the book by the way
is published by CBS sister company simon
& schuster and he's made his way out on
the plaza a little early today I'm not
sure why Dave price is over there hey yo
Dave there you go man let's check hard
the Panthers shut it down it's funny
he's on the pictures yeah he's looking
at the picture I'm looking at the
picture part but i'm telling you i
bought the books for the articles that's
how easy it's all is runnable nice
hey I'm great how are you how about it
oh it's so nice what's your favorite
chapter in the book then well you know
in the back you were thinking Dave which
is so very nice of you to do it kid
Bannerman by the way yes David Letterman
there yes oh okay that was my to you
guys too it is a great book and it is a
pleasure heavy on the plaza stick around
for a second Canyon no problem